[Telemetry Operator] - Adapt LogPipeline input spec documentation to new API (#15168)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/01-overview/main-areas/observability/obsv-04-telemetry-in-kyma.md

### Step 2: Create an input

If you need selection mechanisms for application logs on Namespace or container level, you can use an input spec to restrict or specify from which resources logs are included.

> If you don't define any input, it's collected from all Namespaces, except the system Namespaces `kube-system`, `istio-system`, `kyma-system`, and `kyma-integration`, which are excluded by default. You can either define the included Namespaces to collect from, or exclude from all Namespaces or only set system Namespaces to be included. See all parameters [here](#parameters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't define any input, it's collected from all Namespaces, except the system Namespaces `kube-system`, `istio-system`, `kyma-system`, and `kyma-integration`, which are excluded by default. With [parameters](#parameters), you can either define the Namespaces to include in input collection, or exclude Namespaces from input collection, or choose that only system Namespaces are included.
```

Trying to simplify the sentence, I hope I got the right meaning.

spec:
  input:
    application:
      namespaces:
        exclude:
          - kyma-system
      containers:
        include:
          - istio-proxy
  output:
    ...
```

> It might happen that Fluent Bit prints an error per processed log line that is then collected and re-processed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It might happen that Fluent Bit prints an error per processed log line, which is then collected and re-processed.
```

|---|---|---|
| input | object | Definition where to collect logs, including selector mechanisms. |
| input.application | object | Input type for application logs collection. |
| input.application.namespaces | object | Provides selectors for Namespaces. Selectors are mutually exclusive. |
| input.application.namespaces.include | []string | List of Namespaces from which logs are collected. |
| input.application.namespaces.exclude | []string | List of Namespaces to exclude during log collection from all Namespaces. |

> | input.application.namespaces.system | boolean | Set to `true` if collecting from all namespaces should include system Namespaces as well. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| input.application.namespaces.system | boolean | Set to `true` if collecting from all Namespaces should include system Namespaces as well. |
```
